Making a few of the changes we discussed at our inperson planning meeting (#1075)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/supported-backends.md

# Supported Backends

> Currently, Tracetest supports the following backend datastores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Tracetest supports the following backend data stores:
```

- Jaeger
- Grafana Tempo

> Details of configuring Tracetest to access these is discussed in the [installation instructions](/docs/advanced-selectors.md).

Reviewer 2: is `/docs/advanced-selectors.md` correct here?

Author: Yes - thanks - changes made

> We will be adding new datastores over the next couple months - [let us know](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/issues/new/choose) the ones you would to see us add support for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be adding new data stores over the next couple of months - [let us know](https://github.com/kubeshop/tracetest/issues/new/choose) the ones you would to see us add support for.
```
